A blue light keeps a lifetime of obsession, a heartstring touches a tender feeling. A thin drunken night, a cloud of smoke, a red dust. In one place, the red and the fall are charming, and a piece of Danqing depicts a sadness. A robbery dust is a negative acacia, one step away from the end of the world. After a period of years, a dream is empty, and a red-faced monument is desolate. A red dust on the shore, a watery sky, the end is too heavy, the injury is too deep, a blue shirt fell into a sinking, a dream of a life-saving heart.\d
I am left with my vicissitudes. Deducted the sadness of this season's midsummer, the interpretation of soft sighs, the next few prosperous, sigh softly, let the next few prosperous, beautiful as a roll, not to pass away. Gently smell your unique fragrance. Is your face still the same? Can't remember, yesterday's past, the endless, the embarrassing. In the past, there have been many things. I am so fascinated, as if you are in the middle of the water.\d
The flying dust stands in a waiting position, alternating with the sun and the moon, listening quietly, Xiao Xiao down, falling in the feeling of autumn and thinness, precipitating a quiet after the passage, waiting for the flow of the year to block the cold fragrance, the spring of the Qing Dynasty Dreams are stunned, facing the clear traces, the past and the past, the winds and rains, a dream has not been cold.\d
To get the fruit, you must first plant it. If you work hard, you will have a reward. Fate is a kind of feeling that has a heart and soul; it is a tendency to see at a glance; it is a kind of mood that meets hatefulness; it is the most beautiful encounter arranged by God; it is a deep concern or faint nostalgia! The edge is a natural and mysterious spiritual power : It is very touching because of a feeling; it is unforgettable because of a slyness;\d
The grass gives green to the spring, making its life wonderful; the spring, the flow of its sweetness into the heart of the thirsty, makes its life wonderful; the red day, the warmth of its transmission to The cold winter makes its life wonderful. Flowers are not for the sake of fading, but for the result, and the result is not for the end, but for the sake of life.\d
Long roads, cold and quiet dreams. People's life can not be vigorous, but I do not want to taste the loneliness of loneliness, maybe I want only that kind of dull life, I think, the plain days are enough to exchange the comfort and leisure that I yearn for. Years are like ridges, looking back on the past, a section of broken and fragmented, the scene of the joys and sorrows, bit by bit, has been engraved in the heart of the heart. They all said that they couldn’t bear to look back, but they still couldn’t help but recall. In the end, they couldn’t forget each other. Recalling the past years, sitting on the icy stone bench, waiting for you to see the sea and the mulberry field.\d
In such a realm, how many people are there in ancient and modern times? If there is a reason, Qingxi will wash his ears and not dust. Song Youlin, the wife of the wife, the flower in front of the court, and the sky outside the clouds, no desire. Confucius has a face back, a sip of food, a scoop of drink, in the alley, poor and happy. Buddha has a power, there is nothing, and it is dusty.\d